README.md, before:

# Arctic Jumper

Jump over obstacles in this arctic jumper!

## Building

### macOS
- From the terminal, cd into your arctic-jumper directory
- The, run the following command:
    - `npm run package-mac`
- Your application will be built under `release-builds/Arctic Jumper-darwin-x64`


## Music Used
The following music tracks are used in this project. All rights reserved and all credit goes to the tracks' respective artists.

**Song**: Dolphin </br>
**Artist**: Stevia Sphere </br>
**Hosted On**: https://hypeddit.com/track/apeqq7 </br>
**License**: Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 - https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ </br>
**Changes**: No changes were made to this track </br>
</br>
**Song**: Polar Bears</br>
**Artist**: Stevia Sphere </br>
**Hosted On**: https://hypeddit.com/track/o8lsjo </br>
**License**: Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 - https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ </br>
**Changes**: Cut off from 2:26 until end so the music can loop </br>
</br>
**SFX**: Electrical Sweep</br>
**Author**: Sweeper</br>
**Hosted On**: http://soundbible.com/1795-Electrical-Sweep.html</br>
**License**: Public Domain</br>
</br>
**SFX**: Magic Idea 01</br>
**Author**: Unknown</br>
**Hosted On**: http://freesoundeffect.net/sound/magic-idea-01-sound-effect</br>
**License**: Royalty Free</br>
</br><
**SFX**: Realistic Punch</br>
**Author**: Mark DiAngelo</br>
**Hosted On**: http://soundbible.com/2069-Realistic-Punch.html</br>
**License**: Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 - https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/</br>
**Changes**: No changes were made to this track </br>
</br>
**SFX**: Collect</br>
**Author**: Christian DeTamble</br>
**Hosted On**: http://therefactory.bplaced.net</br>
**License**: Optional Attribution</br>
</br>
**SFX**: Fail Buzzer 3</br>
**Author**: Unknown</br>
**Hosted On**: https://www.soundjay.com/failure-sound-effect.html</br>
**License**: Royalty Free</br>

Commit message:

Added instruction for non-debug builds

README.md, after:

# Arctic Jumper

Jump over obstacles in this arctic jumper!

## Building
When building for any platform, make sure you go to `main.js` and change `process.env.NODE_ENV = "debug"` to `process.env.NODE_ENV = "production"` if you wish to build a non-debug release.

### macOS
- From the terminal, cd into your arctic-jumper directory
- The, run the following command:
    - `npm run package-mac`
- Your application will be built under `release-builds/Arctic Jumper-darwin-x64`


## Music Used
The following music tracks are used in this project. All rights reserved and all credit goes to the tracks' respective artists.

**Song**: Dolphin </br>
**Artist**: Stevia Sphere </br>
**Hosted On**: https://hypeddit.com/track/apeqq7 </br>
**License**: Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 - https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ </br>
**Changes**: No changes were made to this track </br>
</br>
**Song**: Polar Bears</br>
**Artist**: Stevia Sphere </br>
**Hosted On**: https://hypeddit.com/track/o8lsjo </br>
**License**: Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 - https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ </br>
**Changes**: Cut off from 2:26 until end so the music can loop </br>
</br>
**SFX**: Electrical Sweep</br>
**Author**: Sweeper</br>
**Hosted On**: http://soundbible.com/1795-Electrical-Sweep.html</br>
**License**: Public Domain</br>
</br>
**SFX**: Magic Idea 01</br>
**Author**: Unknown</br>
**Hosted On**: http://freesoundeffect.net/sound/magic-idea-01-sound-effect</br>
**License**: Royalty Free</br>
</br><
**SFX**: Realistic Punch</br>
**Author**: Mark DiAngelo</br>
**Hosted On**: http://soundbible.com/2069-Realistic-Punch.html</br>
**License**: Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 - https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/</br>
**Changes**: No changes were made to this track </br>
</br>
**SFX**: Collect</br>
**Author**: Christian DeTamble</br>
**Hosted On**: http://therefactory.bplaced.net</br>
**License**: Optional Attribution</br>
</br>
**SFX**: Fail Buzzer 3</br>
**Author**: Unknown</br>
**Hosted On**: https://www.soundjay.com/failure-sound-effect.html</br>
**License**: Royalty Free</br>
